all right I am recording Oh what's up
guys its five-card 75 yeah and mr.
Miller
and this is let's watch pingu yeah can
you like this on April first one year
well April 1st is like in 11 months yes
okay so basically we just watch the pink
rep assuit wait what's it called
okay fishing yeah think about it is it's
only like it's five minutes long five
minutes and 31 seconds and it's ass
laughing for five minutes straight
that's okay you don't know you can like
commentate everything instead of is
laughing the entire time my stomach my
stomach is so hurts am i I'm I'm still
crying almost from laughing okay okay
all right all right three two one go
how's that funny why are you laughing
already
well I there bear wipes right never Big
Bear how did the Bergen take on fire no
sorry it was like burns
what did that accomplish the mom Pat the
head and just walked away nothing to you
nothing no no in the moist or
with all the gyration in but now if only
I could run into snowmen like that
hey okay okay so what would you rate
this out of ten um eight yeah compare
the other one I would say I'd say like
an eight you know nothing being a ten
yeah the other one was second definite
ten mm-hmm this one is like it's like a
solid eight
yeah okay um yeah that's us watching
pingu let's move on to next episode
are you gonna continue recording that is
I'm just I'm gonna do a different
recording okay have you stopped